Docs content and layout editing pass (#65)
rtk-incubator/rtk-query: docs/concepts/mutations.md

### Advanced mutations with revalidation

In the real world, it's very common that a developer would want to resync their local data cache with the server after performing a mutation (aka "revalidation"). RTK Query takes a more centralized approach to this and requires you to configure the invalidation behavior in your API service definition. Before getting started, let's cover some new terms used when defining an endpoint in a service:

#### Entities

For RTK Query, _entities_ are just a name that you can give to a specific collection of data to control caching and invalidation behavior, and are defined in an `entityTypes` argument. For example, in an application that has both `Posts` and `Users`, you would define `entityTypes: ['Posts', 'Users']` when calling `createApi`.

#### Provides

> A _query_ can _provide_ entities to the cache. The `provides` argument accepts either an array of `{type: string, id?: string|number}` or a callback that returns such an array. That function will be passed the result as the first argument and the argument originally passed into the `query` method as the second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _query_ can _provide_ entities to the cache. The `provides` argument argument can both be an array of `string` (such as `['Posts']`), `{type: string, id?: string|number}` or a callback that returns such an array. That function will be passed the result as the first argument and the argument originally passed into the `query` method as the second argument.
```
